ladies and gentlemen have you had the
doctor says or the night in 250 million
before rocky look at the attack point 16
is compared tonight for USD blocking two
let's compare to 14 USD serving or
service USD to us compared to 14 a few
unforced errors you sd-6 FPU 7 you after
a lousy rat slow start oh he believes
are ten dollars of course of baseball
Philippines and sports major that's
right we're going back specialist either
vehicle to implement their pleas for us
here in September ousd had better have a
very short memory of what happened up by
15 6 you lose that step 24 219 only four
points in that in the middle of that 19
24 run after correct myself of the night
is the garage I don't want email and
they're gonna get the first
sorry apologizing for that mushy boo
internet that I've vaginal until about
then here's the popular gun so i got my
soul power here comes to take the lady
advisor is the captain well not only
that I think you are see did not go too
much to Mary Jean bolts and Lattimer
said so I you know we gotta expect them
to go to Mary Jean falls here in the
second ship now we have a report right
now for free w bar high beam valid
actors that motivation starts pouring in
for the USC Lady Tigers now four shots
on goal another think when I'm pushed on
Conan Wallace a validation put in mind
we should go back to the main six ed
four open sangla banana banana but then
that reception at depends until about
you guys it was the defensive FPU that
actually gave the point to USD that the
last play 31 USD is got a liddo posting
it over to our sister
typical angle there for Michelle
catalino the third problem for her and
us TV get to another point hanuman
chasing her first option far as a USD up
front with itemized oh he's got 25 11
girls right there computational Starla
dumping it
overreaching oh there is there was an
overreaching is over
to stretch so far but right hula-hula
longest i started to celebrate the
referee said no q esta vol 5 1 USD salah
and he looked at the USD with that thing
Wow mirada was six people that would
have stuck together got now to the
ground if it's fun family pizzas gotta
be shaky second service
the error of the day
there's even I'll cover for you i steam
fix to USD and here's doc oh well you
know if you watch that play if I you see
Hannah magnanimity shadow wolf very
cheese balls down a bad night I am a
little busy but they did that you have
to know where your teammates are and the
third here by dunking pretty good one
Monta gives us the long free ball Starla
as a sheepish grade on my head Carol
doodle that's right 73 USD Salix
babylonica time
in a smart play by Dee bus realizing the
smaller blocker 74 USD there's Matt
Carlino to the shell shut up for pasta I
gotta fit there Matt Carlino get over
alive I got us three balls ok
la la
after quite a long rally you're gone
about penis Allah biggie her sex but in
that day simple set in a pill for a few
75 USD sleep starting to evaporate again
Maya carolino Jessica photo with shuttle
mom said I stayed up
first technical type out of seven number
two's package here ladies gentlemen at
the arena our score eight to five in
favor of USD / fe you although fe you
took sent number one in come-from-behind
fashion my oxy hannah bansal will be
serving for the first time in this match
venus Allah
giggles I read that play but look at the
adjustment the coach at made here in the
second test I figured out something
marks the best girl to lay down that's
right they put they put in or thief to
cover the scepter and Mary Jean box is
now the open fibers over cause valid
sandy consume I so easily led by bulaga
voila rearview mirror
warning objects in mirror may appear
closer than tasty you'll see why so much
was it I still cardigan regalo de nada
boxer
that's great but you know